Writing How to edit AppConstant (#36)
personium/personium-blank-app: README.md

  personium: {
    CELL_NAME: "<CELL_NAME>", // A name of Application Cell
    CELL_FQDN: "<CELL_FQDN>", // FQDN of Application Cell
    // ...
  },
};
```

> - `<CELL_NAME>` reveals application cell's Name ( like `app-template` )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<CELL_NAME>`, the application Cell's name ( like `app-template` )
```

Rename from `src/bar/00_meta/90_rootprops.example.xml` to `src/bar/00_meta/90_rootprops.xml`. ( without modifing )

#### Config: Application Settings

> Rename from `src/frontend/Constants/AppConstant.example.js` to `src/frontend/Constants/AppConstant.js` and modify it as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename the file from `src/frontend/Constants/AppConstant.example.js` to `src/frontend/Constants/AppConstant.js` and modify its contents as below.
```

```js
export const AppConstant = {
  cellUrl: '<CELL_URL>',
  installBoxName: '<BOX_NAME>',
  barFileUrl: '<BAR_FILE_URL>',
};
```

> - `<BOX_NAME>` reveals target Box name in User Cell. It is often set same as `<CELL_NAME>` typically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<BOX_NAME>`, the default target Box name in user Cell. It is often set same as `<CELL_NAME>` typically.
```

> - `<BAR_FILE_URL>` reveals URL placed `bar` file built in next step. It is often placed somewhere public in App Cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<BAR_FILE_URL>` , the URL of the `bar` file to be built in next step. It is often placed somewhere public in App Cell.
```
